Brother Chen, Brother Ye has ruined your business again.
Qianqian
You will help me, right?
Yes, Brother Chen.
What do you need me to do?
I need you to help me deal with Su Yizawa
Don't get me wrong
I love you.
But I'm powerless right now
I'm afraid Brother Chen, you don't need to explain
I believe in you unconditionally
Humble, it's nice to have you.
Ah, a cheap woman is to see if you are useful
Otherwise, it would have been kicked long ago
As for Su Yize
You took the trouble to help Qin Mengyao grab a few pieces of land
Definitely useful
So I want you to feel bad
Then I'll step on your clothes and be fearless
Su Shao is now
Boss Chen no longer competes with me for these plots of land
My investment funds are ready
Miss Yan's investment has also kept up.
150 billion.
But you haven't told me yet
Why should I buy this land?
You don't believe me?
It's not a question of belief.
I know this 150 billion is for you
Not too big a record
But it's different for us
In the event of failure
Qin Tianlong will seize power in an instant
You know what if I told you
I have top secret information here
The southern part
Soon to be a genie
The most important tourist attractions
And it's on the few plots of land you bought
To build a Jinling largest
What is the tallest and most luxurious Hera Palace?